Restrict pairing for literals/escaped char (#2)
nkakouros-original/bash-autopairs: README.md

[]
{}
```

> Escaped character wont be auto paired to let you compose literals with ease.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Escaped characters won't be auto paired to let you compose literals with ease.
```

> try typing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try typing:
```

```bash
sed "s/\"\'//g"

> ```

Reviewer: Add a new line after the code block.
